# Timer

- Say we start early in the morning, 7:30 am weekdays, 9:30 am weekend.
- 7:30 or 9:30 am: power goes on, Pi boots, LED power goes on, Audio-IF goes on,
  amplifiers go on.
- Booted Pi sends `wakeonlan` (a few times to be sure ?); puts
  pixels to black;
- Mac Mini wakes up; reboots; starts procedure
- We can stop the sound early, at 8:00 pm, by simply muting the master gain,
  while light should stop at 10:00 pm.
- 8:00 pm. Mac Mini reaches scheduled stop-sound time: mutes
- 10:00 pm. Mac Mini reaches scheduled stop-all time: cancels download process, stops player,
  stops aural-system and kills jackd. (perhaps we should not put the audio interface
  on the timer?)
- Mac Mini sends black-pixels and shutdown to Pi, then goes into
  hybrid-hibernation (`pm-suspend-hybrid`)
- 10:15 pm, timer power goes off, takes down everything but Mac Mini

See [here](https://www.cyberciti.biz/tips/linux-send-wake-on-lan-wol-magic-packets.html).

    sudo apt install wakeonlan 
    wakeonlan ac:87:a3:18:a3:60

## Thoughts

- We might need to adjust the sound volume in the evening to be more faint?

# Network terror

So this has to be done:

- the broadband modem in GNOME network manager must be configured with 'automatically connect'
- in order for both eth0 and this thing to work, after booting, do the following
  `sudo ifconfig eth0 down` ; wait; you'll see in GNOME that the broadband mobile signal appears;
  then `sudo ifconfig eth0 192.168.0.20`; now both download and light OSC should work. WTF
